Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you today.
Stanton Hazelroth: And it's not coronavirus but I don't think it is just a fluke something like
Stanton Hazelroth: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sinus stuff.
Stanton Hazelroth: Yeah, and a little bit of a temperature
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you can rest in today.
Stanton Hazelroth: My law firm about to on my class, but
Stanton Hazelroth: I made it through that but that's it for the day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well, this will only take us about 20 minutes I think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not making me work.
Hard
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we're going to complete your bio psychosocial again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what, tell me why you start treatment I bright heart.
Stanton Hazelroth: Oh yeah, there was a logical next step by been in the hospital OD, and then I was in
Stanton Hazelroth: residential care for a month. Then I was in I op intensive outpatient for
Stanton Hazelroth: Five months or something, my guess. And then I kind of graduated there as well. We're not occasion, check out and I just came to you guys after that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, can you tell me a little bit about your history with alcohol. Right. That's your substances alcohol.
Stanton Hazelroth: Yeah, than Ambien
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Stanton Hazelroth: I've had insomnia. Most of my whole life and and in was the one thing that
Stanton Hazelroth: seemed like it was working for me but it got to be more of a habit. And so I had to quit doing quickly as an MBA and that sort of that Sarah will
Stanton Hazelroth: Take that place.
Stanton Hazelroth: And then alcohol. Alcohol and the last year before starting to get a real problem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what you need on was alcohol, an Ambien together.
And yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mentioned that you that you've been to treatment. You went to residential treatment. You went to intensive outpatient was that the only time that you've had treatment.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past suicide attempts, or thoughts, no homicide thoughts or attempt
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past self harm.
Stanton Hazelroth: No.
Stanton Hazelroth: Other than playing too hard, playing sports to order some but
Stanton Hazelroth: Not kind of you mean nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'm talking about cutting or burning or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: burning yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, tell me about what it was like growing up in your house with your parents did they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: stay together your whole life, or did they
Stanton Hazelroth: They when my mom died about 20 years ago, my dad said it was the love affair of the century.
Stanton Hazelroth: They were like unusual lovebirds the whole time.
Stanton Hazelroth: Growing up, we had this idyllic childhood. Now my younger brother was a bluebird. So we spend a lot of time, you know, being taken care of by the people down the street or in hospital waiting rooms or something. This model was in and out for surgeries and seven, and he died.
Stanton Hazelroth: So that was
Stanton Hazelroth: Pretty hard on the sad side.
Stanton Hazelroth: But my dad was a real creators and commercial artist, but he also made models and stuff and some of my friends still tell stories about the fun things he did so.
Stanton Hazelroth: You know, I thought it was always pretty good. My mom was a little weird about sex. But then now is her generation, I guess.
Stanton Hazelroth: Yeah, now you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have any was there addiction in your family or mental health in your family.
Stanton Hazelroth: Was functioning alcoholic his whole life. I think
Stanton Hazelroth: He always started drinking it noon and
Stanton Hazelroth: But I never saw him tipsy. I never some
Stanton Hazelroth: show any effects of he was just Medicaid. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We going back to your school years, tell me what it was like for school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What it was like in school for you.
Stanton Hazelroth: Oh, it was pretty positive I did real well. So there's an advanced classes.
Stanton Hazelroth: I was did pretty well. So, and then I got involved in a lot of extracurricular activities. I wasn't really much financially. So it was more painted signs for the weekend pep rallies and different things like that.
Stanton Hazelroth: But it was in my teens. I first noticed a period of time when I felt depressed.
Stanton Hazelroth: And I didn't know it was a thing. But after I look back on it, I see. There were these specific maybe six months periods couple years that I was down and and then I come out of it. You find a year to
Stanton Hazelroth: It might it again and then in law scores one really came falling down the insomnia. Got to last for several days several nights and
Stanton Hazelroth: I had to go start taking sleeping pills. I don't know what it was in the 70s, 60s 60s, I guess.
Stanton Hazelroth: But I have been
Stanton Hazelroth: You know, on up different kinds of
Stanton Hazelroth: Sleeping medication stuff since then.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and any past or present legal issues.
Stanton Hazelroth: Oh no, I mean, I was in business, my adult was part of my adult life, and so was engaged in a few lawsuits here and there, but
Stanton Hazelroth: It was all business.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, and then you are you currently going through divorce. Right.
Stanton Hazelroth: No, I'm I went through my divorce and my first wife in
Stanton Hazelroth: The early 80s and I got remarried, then in 91 and we're still married
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any financial issues for you.
Stanton Hazelroth: Not really. We seem to be doing okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is there anything else about you that you think is important for us to know
Stanton Hazelroth: Well, you know, I've talked about my son and and he's having problems.
Stanton Hazelroth: Server like mines depression and kind of back and forth. So that's a challenge.
Stanton Hazelroth: And, you know, it also
Stanton Hazelroth: Tend to blame yourself for passing on the bed gene.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you you have a diagnosis of depression.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Yes. Is that the only diagnosis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have
Anxiety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what about physical physical health.
Stanton Hazelroth: I can't they just never can find anything wrong with I seem to be in pretty good health for being 70
Stanton Hazelroth: Able to play golf. Most days are working the gym.
Stanton Hazelroth: So that
Stanton Hazelroth: Was good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're very active, which is good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh. Yeah.
Stanton Hazelroth: You know, but I know if I wasn't if I didn't have those things I could be in real trouble. It's, it's getting out and doing things that is a lifesaver.
Stanton Hazelroth: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And correct me if I'm wrong, but you're not going to any kind of a meetings or anything. Right.
Stanton Hazelroth: No, I have every Tuesday I have a two hour DPT group that I go to.
Stanton Hazelroth: I just went to today. And so I do that every week and then this every week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Perfect, perfect. And tell me some of the things that you would like to work on why you're working with bright heart.
Stanton Hazelroth: Well, I like to get to the point where, and I know I I guess I need to talk to Mary about this.
Stanton Hazelroth: Starting to wane off me know picking something maybe I can try to wean off of anti because obviously I'm on a number of things and
Stanton Hazelroth: They have their good points and bad points.
Stanton Hazelroth: Medications and so you know when she gets back, we'll talk about that and see if there's one, we can target, maybe it's not doing anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Guy. Yeah, so you're on something right now for were for your anxiety for your depression for your sleep. And are you on Suboxone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, yes. So you're on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those four medications. Right. Okay. All right. Yeah. Mary will be back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Monday night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is when she's planning on
Stanton Hazelroth: It's not any hurry and then maybe. Yeah, maybe I, you know, maybe they're all the right things. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how are you, other than feeling like you're getting the flu.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How have you been feeling lately.
Stanton Hazelroth: Oh yeah, other than that. Very good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, you haven't been struggling with any cravings or anything like that.
Stanton Hazelroth: Yeah, I'd say, you know,
Stanton Hazelroth: Always On and off struggle a little bit, but I just have such a good streak going that I
Stanton Hazelroth: I can keep myself from doing anything bad
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you do when when those thoughts come. How do you manage them.
Stanton Hazelroth: I'm a big advocate of opposite action.
Stanton Hazelroth: So get out and do something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was doing that was gonna be my next question. What's your favorite part of DVD. I love DVD. What's your favorite part of dvd
Stanton Hazelroth: Well, that's it. That's the one that makes the most sense to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See the opposite.
Stanton Hazelroth: Get up and go. Don't you know don't lay there and think about it, get up and go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. Don't let don't sit in your head too long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, we're done. I mean, I've
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got all the information you can for you. And this time I'll make sure it's being recorded, so I know that I recorded it
So my zoom
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My zoom room was kind of messing up and I think that it just didn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Save it or I'm not really sure. But I thought oh god I gotta ask him to redo it with me, you know,
Stanton Hazelroth: I'm retired.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well thank you very, very much for being so patient inclined. I appreciate it. And I will see you in group on Monday.
Stanton Hazelroth: Okay, very good. Have a good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have a good weekend sentence. Hope you feel better.
Stanton Hazelroth: Thanks. Bye bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye.